This video will demonstrate a graph created in Eagle.
Create a new graph using the "New" menu. You can then give the graph a name.
An empty "description node" is created. This can be used to store text describing your graph. For now, it will be deleted.
Nodes are added from "summit.palette". First a scatter component.
Each component can be positioned and resized to lay out your graph clearly.
Another scatter component is added, this time distributing processing across the 6 GPUs on each node in the cluster.
The inner scatter component must be a child of the outer scatter component to ensure that processing is distributed correctly to each node in the cluster, and each GPU on each node.
An OSKAR2 Simulator component is added to generate simulated SKA data using an OSKAR2 instance. This is a child of the inner scatter component so it is generated for each GPU.
The data from the GPUs must now be averaged, using an "Average 6 Channels" component.
The output from spead2 is connected to the input to the averager, using a Memory component to avoid moving the data as much as possible.
Another averager is added, this time to average the data from the entire cluster. It is again connected using a Memory component.
A component is added to write the resulting data to disk. The "File" option is chosen to save the output to a file.
This time the event output is connected to the event input of the new component.